All right, so the final piece of the puzzle is to automatically move the user from a authentication
screen to some other screen in our application.
OK.
And we will do that either if the user logs in, if they sign in or importantly, if they are automatically
signed in by Firebase.
OK, so first thing to do.
Let's go in our IG view model at the top.
Inside in it, I'm going to comment out this all star sign out so we don't sign out automatically when
we start the app.
Now let's create a new screen that is very basic for now, but it will serve as a destination for us
to move the user to.
So here in us, actually not enforced, but in mean, I'm going to create a new file.
So it's not a resource file, just a new Coplan file, and I'm going to call this feed screen.
OK, make sure this is a file.
So here we're going to create a composable fun feed screen that it takes a nap, hosts NAF controller
and a VM as its view model.
And here, just to see that we are on the correct screen, let's put a text.
And we will just say, feed, scream.
So what we want to do is we want you to move the user to this screen.
Now we already have the correct method to move the user.
Where is that in the main common bits?
So we have here navigates to.
We need a destination, right?
So we do the destination in the main activity.
We need to add it here.
So object feed of the type destination screen with a route or route feed.
OK, we need to add it's done below in the nav.
Host composable.
Destination screen, dot seeds, dot, root and feed.
Screen.
With NAF controller left controller and the AM all right, so we have we have created our destination
now we need a method that is common for both log in and sign up so that we can move to that particular
screen.
And we do that in Maine.
Common bits.
So down below somewhere we can create a composable fun chick.
Signed in.
With a VMM of type I.D. view model.
And we will need enough controller as well, OK, because we need to perform the moves.
OK, now check signed, then, how do we do this?
So first of all, let's say Val already logged in.
Because remember.
And here we have that's important to remember mutual states of.
False.
So at the moment, we are not locked in.
Well, let's call it signed in equals M Dot signed end of value.
All right.
Now, if signed in.
And not already logged in.
OK, we don't want to do this operation multiple times, we just want to do it one time.
Otherwise, every time this composable refreshes, we will send the user again and again to to the Finn's
feed screen, so we just want to do this one time.
So now we can say already logged in dog value equals truth so that we don't do this again and we can
say enough controller dot navigate to destination screen.
Dot seeds, dot roots.
Now here, the reason I'm not using the same method is because I want to remove every composable from
my back stack when I move to the feed screen.
I don't want to have any, you know, logging fragment or sign up fragment.
I just want to remove everything.
So to do that, we need to say pop up to zero.
OK, we pop up.
We pop every fragment from the back stack or every composable from the back stack and just leave the
feed screen if we were to call this.
It would simply add the feed screen on top of everything else.
And when a user clicks back then, we go back to the to the sign up screen and we don't want that.
OK, so we want to pop everything now.
Once we have this, we can simply use it in our log in and sign up screen at the top here.
And we just close these imports at the top.
I can simply say check signed in with Vim and NES controller.
OK.
And I can do the same thing for sign up.
Cheque signed in with VM and controller nav controller.
So that means now when we run the app, we should automatically get sent to the seed screen, so let's
try it out.
OK, so you can see that we got sent directly to the feed screen, that is because in the IG view model,
in the in it we automatically check whether the user is logged in or not, and Firebase authentication
will tell us if there is a current user or not.
If we don't want this functionality, then we can enable sign out and we do the signing process.
And actually, I want to check this sign out as well because I want to see the whole functionality from
creating a user to ending up on the feed screen.
I want to make sure that it is working correctly.
So let's say Andrew as the username Andrew adds Gmail dot com and one two three four five six.
OK.
So in the back end, we're going to create some data when that comes back successful that we should
end up on the feed screen.
And success, we have created a user in our backend API, so let's check it here authentication we have
Andrew and the Fire Store database.
We have a user, Andrew.
Let's see.
This is the one, Andrew with a user ID.
So exactly what we were expecting to happen.
So at this point, we are pretty much done with authentication unless there are some bugs that will
come to later.
If I find them, or you can raise them yourself.
Unless we have that, then authentication is pretty much done and we can move on to some more, maybe
more interesting parts of our application, which is actually building our UI for Instagram.
So posts and comments and likes and user profiles and so on and so forth.
All right.
So that's it.
I hope you are enjoying the course so far and I will see you in the next section of our course.